[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is the hope and
promise of Tibetan Buddhism,
of the Christian prophecies,
of the Transfiguration.
This is what they said would
be happening in an end time.
We would recover tones,
lights, plants, even an oil.
Gnostic Christianity
speaks of an oil
that will manifest at the
end times that will probably
pour out of the cosmos
like manna or dew
that will transfigure
the entire human race.
I think we're on the
cusp of that right now.
If not the cusp, maybe
we're actually in it.
If you think of the two circles
interpenetrating one another
and they create that
almond-shaped zone,
the mandorla, the doorway,
the portal in between,
I think we're in the doorway.
Amen?
You feel that way, too?
OK, good.
Yeah.
So that means now we've got
to up level our understanding
of what this portal is about.
What we're to be doing
while we're in this portal.
And what I'm asking
you to consider
is that, that's our North Star.
I'm not going to say this is
perhaps the ultimate answer,
but if you're wandering
around out here,
you're on the
stairway to the stars
and you're looking
down, look up.
OK.
That's north right there.
Anything that you can
do relative to unfolding
this divine aspect of
yourself, your rainbow light
body, your glory body, your
transfiguration body, that
is going to get you home.
Following this will
get you to the place
you ultimately want to be.
And I often like to reference
Michaelangelo when people
ask, well, how do I do that?
Tell me what I need to do?
It's individually specific
is partly my answer.
However, generally, I
refer to Michelangelo,
who was looking at a block
of marble, and he said,
"I saw the angel in the marble
and carved until I set him
free."
That angel, that light
being is within you.
It's covered over by
false perceptions,
by negative perceptions, by
lack of knowledge, perhaps.
But now you know
what is within you.
And now the task becomes
not mummifying yourself
with Silicon Valley technology,
covering it up even more,
it's setting it free.
Setting it free.
Allowing it to be.
Connecting with it,
maybe through an image,
maybe through a text,
maybe through an idea.
Just an inspiration
that, yeah, OK.
I'm going to follow this North
Star, see where it leads me.
And just start
looking at your life
and think about
everything in your life
and ask the question,
well, what does it have
to do with my transfiguration?
I've got this.
i Love Gibson electric
guitars and I've
got a wonderful collection.
And I look at that and I
realize I can't take it with me.
Yeah.
I'm not going to let
that go until the very
last moment in my life.
Well, until holding
hope that maybe they
will find a way that I can
take away because the angels do
play guitars.
You notice this in
all kinds of artwork.
They are totally
playing guitars.
But I look at that
and think, OK, it's
not a waste of my time to play
that guitar because when I am
playing, I'm trying to channel.
I'm trying to bring in
new tunes and tones.
What if I could create
a song that would
help to make people happy?
That would go to
the transfiguration?
So that's an example of looking
at something in my life that
says, OK, does this serve
me on this pathway here?
Or perhaps do I just
need to let that go?
And we have to do
that, be willing to do
that in all areas of our life
because so many of the objects
and ideas and things that
preoccupy our time ultimately
are really not serving us.
So it takes some
bravery and some courage
to look at ourselves.
And I'm not saying go
home and sell your home
and get rid of your car
and all that kind of stuff.
We have to do it.
We have to transfigure within
the construct of our matrix
that we're in.
We're in this
matrix for a reason.
But the point is, is
that I'm sure you would
agree that there are
things in your life
that are not serving this.
It could be dietary.
It could be mental.
It could be physical,
spiritual, emotional.
Evaluate those
things in your life.
Look at them and say, well,
maybe I'm going to let that go.
And now think about
some new things
that you can bring into
your life that will
serve your transfiguration.
We all are on this path of
remembering our true self.
And this is a message that
I take great comfort in,
is that I don't have to
reinvent all of this.
In fact, we've
already done this.
It's a process of
remembering who we truly are,
and that part of
our self is there.
And now that you're aware of it,
you can begin to call upon it.
It can be as simple as saying
higher self, ascended self,
tell me what to do next.
Setting up a dream intention.
Incorporating an idea like
that into your meditation.
Listening to that voice.
And acting on what it says.
And I'm pretty well convinced
that you all are already
hearing that voice,
but you're just
procrastinating on doing
what it's telling you to do.
You already know what you need
to do, but you're thinking,
oh, I'll do that when.
Maybe you want to flip
that a little bit.
Procrastination is not
serving in many instances,
but doing the things that
we're procrastinating on doing
will completely
change the situation.
Because you might be thinking
sometimes I do this too.
What is the next best
thing that I can do?
Well, maybe the next best thing
is simply to do something.
Instead of standing still
and not doing anything,
it could be a simple
little action,
like drinking more
water, less coffee
will do it because that's
going to alter my chemistry.
It's going to alter my thinking.
It's going to alter everything.
And this is what we're
ultimately aiming at here.
And by doing that, I've served
my physical self, but also
my higher self, because
I've actually listened.
So it's within us.
And this is the drama
that was unfolded,
of course, in the
story of Jacob,
who's a famous questor,
who in the Old Testament
wrestled with an angel
at a place called Penuel.
And many have noted
that, that word Penuel
is a homophone for pineal, like
the pineal gland in the center
of our brain, the
manufacturing plant that
produces all of these
secretions that transfigure
our body into light.
So really, the game is about
getting into the temple here.
We're not concerned
about temples out here.
It's all in the temple
between our ears
and learning how to
navigate that and utilize
what's within us.
So Jacob wrestles with
this angel at Penuel.
And one interpretation
of that would
be that he's actually just
wrestling with his higher self.
This is his earthly
self wrestling
with his angelic higher self.
And it's not so much
a wrestling match,
rather it's like the caduceus.
It's bringing them into
alignment with one another.
And the way we bring
them into alignment
is by getting them both to
say yes to the same thing.
I mean, we all have those
dual aspects within ourselves.
One part says yes,
one part says no.
And when we're in that
state, where are we going?
We're going nowhere.
The object is to get them
flipped up, both saying yes
to the same thing.
What I'm asking
you to consider is
that what we want to say yes
to is our transfiguration
into our true self,
the rainbow light body.
And once again, it
may seem extreme to be
able to attain that
in one lifetime
as the Dalai Lama would tell
you, if he were standing here,
you could do this
in one lifetime.
He would also say
you probably have
been incarnating
thousands of lifetimes
in order to be able to do this.
And now is the best time.
For some reason, these teachings
are now present on our planet
in a global way, such
that they have never
been before in human history.
I know this because
I'm a historian.
I document this.
For the first time
in human history,
hundreds of millions of people
are practicing yoga, meditation,
dietary regimes, rainbow
light body teachings,
all aimed at their
transfiguration
into a higher state.
This has never happened
in human history.
We're special.
This is a very,
very special time.
And my advice is to
find a way to utilize it
in any way you possibly can.
To achieve illumination or
experience, Buddha nature,
the transfiguration,
the Buddhist
teach we have to meditate
on the blue pearl.
That again is the
pineal gland within us.
And they suggest a
chant Om Mani Padme Hum.
Om Mani Padme Hum.
The jewel in the heart
of the golden lotus.
By reciting Om Mani Padme Hum,
we call down divine blessings
and we activate the
neurosecretory system or pineal
gland that is capable of
opening up to the light body,
releasing hormones and molecules
that are capable of bringing
enhanced states of deep
love, bliss, joy, healing
to the physical body.
Reality switches that open
up portals and gateways
into other realms that
we now are interacting
with the divine realm and with
beings that have been documented
throughout human history.
We're now linked with them
because we put the magic glasses
on, we took the blinkers off.
We decided we're going to
use this device, our body,
for its intended purpose.
And Buddhist teach that through
regular or prolonged meditation
on the blue pearl, the
blue sea, we gradually
will experience our true nature.
So perhaps this is another
tool that you can incorporate
into your kit as you're thinking
about my spiritual development,
I'm going to start utilizing
images such as of the Buddha
and focusing, meditating
on the blue pearl,
chanting Om Mani Padme Hum.
And bringing down
those divine blessings.
It works.
It instantly puts you
in a higher frequency
because you are now tapping
into Buddha consciousness.
You're tapping into a universal
consciousness that all of us
have an ability to tap into.
And by bringing that
into this world,
we transfigure not only
our earthly selves,
but we transmute and transfigure
the entire planet itself.
That's our mission right now.
We have to be the
ones who are awakened
that will guide this process.
Otherwise, I'm not sure what the
consequences are going to be.
The Buddhists teach a very
important quantum concept,
and that is, is that the
image puts you in the energy
field of the Buddha.
This is we call this
quantum entanglement today.
The idea is that we're all
entangled at a particle level
and ultimately at a physical
level with these beings.
And that through the
image, we can literally
connect with the Buddha, the
rainbow light body Buddha,
in this case Padmasambhava.
And what they teach is that we
and the image of Padmasambhava
are really two extremes.
We have flesh and blood bodies,
but not as much compassion
as we would like to have.
And he has a body made of
rainbows and boundless,
impartial compassion.
When we put these two extremes
together in the rainbow body
meditation, we move
in the direction
of manifesting as a being
with flesh and blood
body and unlimited compassion
with maybe a few rainbows thrown
in for decoration.
So here's again
the idea, you might
think it's extreme to go
full rainbow light body.
I get that.
I haven't.
And here I am still
teaching about it.
But if we can bring it maybe
to the level of our toes,
show it off a little
bit in private moments
with a loved one, that's what
we're talking about here.
That may be just enough.
Don Juan taught that
to Carlos Castaneda,
that you don't have
to go full light body.
You can just go partial
and that's enough.
And imagining that we're
just like Padmasambhava
is not wishful thinking.
I'm not trying to
convince you you
can turn yourself
into a Learjet.
That's basically what Silicon
Valley's wanting to say to you.
Yeah, buy our latest AI gadget
and turn yourself into a robot.
That's not what
we're saying here.
What I'm saying is we can unfold
our true intrinsic nature.
And that's the
Buddhist perspective.
And it's shared by
Christianity that has,
said for 2,000 years that
all of us are in the process
of transfiguration.
And at the last
trumpet, as Corinthians
says, in the twinkling of
an eye at the last trumpet,
we will be transfigured.
We will be changed.
And what they mean by that is
we will be changed into bodies
of light like Christ, like
Padmasambhava, like Osiris,
like all the other
ascended beings
of the various traditions.
And the idea is
that because we are
made in the perfect
image of God,
we have the spiritual capacity
to participate in or mirror
Jesus's divine glory
as image bearers
and reactivate our light bodies.
That's what it's about,
is this reactivation.
And the Bible is
specific about it.
It says, as was the man of dust
or carbon, DNA, in other words,
and as is the man
of heaven, so also
are those who are of heaven.
Just as we have borne the
image of the man of dust,
we shall also bear the
image of the man of heaven.
We will become star walkers.
This is the essence
of Christianity.
It's not taught in any Christian
churches exactly how to do this,
but they're very plainly stating
that we can become star walkers.
And the Gospel of
Philip affirms this
when it says the Lord
rose from the dead.
He became as he was.
But now his body
was perfect, which
means to be more
whole, more holy, more
complete, and compassionate.
He possessed flesh.
But this was true flesh.
Our flesh isn't true.
Our flesh is only an
image of the true.
This is what I was saying
at the very beginning
of my presentation when I
had that visionary journey
and saw this magnificent temple.
The earthly temple
is nothing compared
to what I saw in its original
form in the celestial realms.
Same thing with you and I. We
have enfolded within us this
magnificent being that
until perhaps today we
have chosen not to acknowledge.
But once we
acknowledge it, now we
can recognize that we are only
an image of our true self.
But we can unfold or
awaken our true self
and walk the Earth
as star walkers aimed
at this transfiguration.
So this is why you see in
Christian Resurrection imagery,
Jesus resurrected here
with Mary Magdalene.
She's got her oil jar there.
I do extensive
work about that oil
and would encourage you to,
on Gaia, my presentation,
the myth of the
Marys goes deeply
into their use of these
esoteric and exotic oils
of transfiguration.
And Mary Magdalene is the
one that knew those secrets.
And over and again, we
see this correspondence
between the Christian
and the Tibetan
and the Egyptian imagery.
The Rainbow Bridge shows
up everywhere, though.
This is the Bifrost bridge
of the Nordic tradition.
The bridge between
Asgard and Midgard,
the burning Rainbow Bridge.
It shows up there.
And it always refers
to these avatars,
descent of higher beings
that come down a stairway.
We are on a stairway
to the stars.
Why?
To meet them.
They are not just
going to show up
in a room full of people that
don't have any clue who they are
or where they came from or what
is going on, in my opinion.
From my study of these
various traditions,
they always say humans have
to rise up to meet them.
That's the point
of this conference,
is to be on this
stairway to the stars,
where we can expand our
consciousness, open our hearts,
and be prepared to meet
these avatars in the middle.
And so I love all these
images of particularly
the Tibetan images, the Buddhist
images of various avatars,
the Kalki avatar.
Every religious
tradition on the planet
speaks of avatars that will
be arriving at an end time.
They're about to get
really busy on Earth.
Let me just put it that way.
If the tea leaves that
people are reading
are pointing in this
direction, as things heat up
with holy wars, it's all aimed
at accelerating the chaos so
that the Christ or the
Messiah or the Mahdi
or some particular avatar will
descend and fix everything.
That's the prophecies of
Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam.
That's what's happening
right now in the Middle East.
That game is now being played
right before our very eyes.
Then you have the Silicon
Valley boys and girls.
They want to turn
us into robots.
That also plays into all
the end time prophecies.
There's never been
a time in history
where we have seen
this convergence
of prophecies manifesting.
We are living it right now.
And it has to do, in my opinion,
and my closing remarks here
will be about the
correspondence between what
we see in the Egyptian imagery
of the ark of the millions
of years and the Christian
imagery of Christ
ascending on his throne.
Christ ascended on a
cloud, is what we are told,
and he will return
upon that cloud.
And in the earliest
depictions, he
is portrayed sitting on a throne
with his feet on a footstool.
That's the Ark of the Covenant.
It's exactly the same throne
that the Ptolemaic King
is sitting on 300 years
before the time of Jesus.
So Jesus is on that same throne.
He's got this orb of light
behind him, the cloud.
It's filled with
concentric rings,
indicating a portal or a
vortex or sound or vibration.
And he's ascending to an
interdimensional realm referred
to as the Kingdom
of Heaven, which
he can face back into
physical manifestation from
as well at any time.
And the point of
Christianity is to learn
to rise to meet
him in this cloud.
Well, when I first started
looking at this in the early
2000s, I'm thinking, well, look
at the way this is portrayed.
It looks like the way we portray
a wormhole with transition zone.
Then you have a vortex
and then you have
the throat of the wormhole.
And it's perfectly
demarcated in this imagery.
And I just find that
utterly fascinating that we
can think of the cloud or
portal that Jesus travels in
as a wormhole, just like we
think of the ascending Ptolemaic
King is riding
around in a wormhole.
So as I look at this
imagery, I'm thinking,
what are we dealing
with here with
these interdimensional beings?
They're not traveling
in spaceships.
It's not a hardware
UFO type of a thing.
This is something more akin
to a wormhole or a warp craft,
something like that.
But it's, I believe, more
spiritual than technological
in nature.
I'm not saying Jesus
is flying around
in some wormhole that's made by
Raytheon or something like that.
That this is more of
an organic wormhole,
that he's manifested out of his
physical flesh and blood body,
just the way the
Tibetans tell us we
can do this with the
rainbow light body.
Ascension and
interstellar travel, these
are the goals of humanity.
And what stands in our way is
the speed of light and energy
requirements and the
fragility of the human body.
What if the ancients worked all
this out a long time ago for us?
That was the
supposition or premise
of my presentation Morph,
which I did back in 2008.
And in this presentation,
I was working
on research about the
Alcubierre warp bubble.
Miguel Alcubierre is
a Mexican physicist.
He's watching Star Trek
in 1994, and he comes up
with this idea of
a warp craft that
would be able to manifest
a magic bubble around it.
So if you think of this
laser pointer as the craft,
the craft would be enfolded
within this magic bubble.
And if it would
want to travel, say,
10 light years of
space time, that
would take a very long time.
But in Alcubierre's
warp bubble concept,
the craft would manifest
the warp bubble,
and it wouldn't
actually go anywhere.
It would remain stationary.
That way, it didn't violate
Einstein's speed of light.
And the occupants
of that warp craft
then would be able to travel
from Earth to another star
system.
And this is the way
Alcubierre imagined
this, is that the craft
would be inside this bubble.
And he goes into
this explanation
for how through a process of
expansion and contraction,
the warp bubble would actually
be able to enable the craft
to travel through space time.
Well, I'm looking at
the Alcubierre warp
bubble, the craft
inside the warp bubble,
looking at the Ascension images
of Jesus and I'm thinking,
there seems to be
a correspondence
here, that he's sitting
stationary on a throne
while he's traveling in a
bubble interdimensionally.
And that's exactly what
Alcubierre was describing.
Well, that sits with me
for a while until 2017.
That's about 10 years goes by as
I'm thinking about all of this
and wondering where it's
ultimately going to go.
And then in 2017, suddenly The
New York times publishes these
videos, the Tic Tac video and
the Gimbal and 'GoFast' videos.
You've probably seen them.
These are videos
taken by F-18 pilots
off the Coast of California
and Florida of USO.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Whoa, got it!
[LAUGHS] Woo hoo.
- Roger.
There's a shooting--
- [AUDIO OUT] Look at that, man.
Can you catch the moving target?
- No, I took an auto track.
- Oh, OK.
- Oh, my gosh, dude.
Wow.
- OK.
- Wow, man.
[DISTORTED SPEECH]
[END PLAYBACK]
So these are craft that
F-18 pilots are chasing.
They're obviously having
a good time with them.
Woo hoo, this kind of thing.
But these craft
could go from, say,
80,000 down to the surface
of the ocean in the blink
of an eye.
They can travel vast distances
and also a blink of an eye.
And we're wondering, well,
what are these craft?
And how are they
able to do this?
Well, then my friend, Dr.
Travis Taylor, comes along
and he took a look at another of
these videos, the Gimbal video.
I've got actually the
Tic Tac video up here.
But he was studying
the Gimbal video.
And he commented on this,
saying that the 'GoFast' video
and the Tic Tac show a halo
around these craft that is very,
very cold inside, this sphere
that is around the craft,
while the craft is hotter.
The ambient cloud layer
around it is much warmer.
And for some reason,
there seems to be
this bubble around the vehicle
that looks like a vacuum,
or at least much colder than
normal atmosphere in the region.
Now remember, Dr. Travis
Taylor is the chief scientist
of the US Government's
UAP program.
This is just the public analysis
that he's giving of this video.
Everything behind it
is still classified.
But what he goes
on to say is, is
that he can't explain
what he is seeing here.
But if you look at
exotic solutions
like warp bubbles, wormholes,
general relativistic,
anti-gravity type
concepts, all these things
require some kind of
magic bubble of space time
manipulation around it.
And this could be
the telltale sign
that this is what we are
seeing in these videos.
So when Travis comes
out with this analysis,
it suddenly blew all
the doors and windows
open in my imagination
because, again, I
had spent the past 15 years
looking at the Alcubierre warp
bubble and comparing
it with what
we see in Christian art and
Tibetan art and elsewhere.
And they're all describing
exactly the same thing.
Interdimensional travel or
advanced travel mechanisms
through the manifestation of
some kind of a bubble around us.
And that is what the
rainbow light body is too.
It's a magic bubble that opens
or is awakened from within us
that enables us to travel
to various star systems
according to the
Tibetan tradition.
So I started to really be
enthused by this thinking,
well, wait a minute,
what exactly is going
on with some of these videos?
There's been analysis that
even says that these videos--
excuse me, these craft
that we see in these videos
don't actually exist
in our 3D reality.
They are projections
from another reality.
Those F-18 pilots
couldn't actually
crash into one of these
craft because they don't
have a physical existence.
Well, that's exactly
what is described
in the warp bubble called the
cloud that Jesus travels within.
It's an interdimensional
craft of some kind
that isn't literally physical.
Remember, when Mary
Magdalene first
sees the resurrected
Jesus on Easter morning,
he says, don't touch me,
because he can't be touched.
He's not in a physical
flesh and blood form.
He can be seen, probably could
even have been photographed,
but could not actually have been
physically touched by a human
being.
It's the same kind of concept.
And this is what I'm thinking
is going on right now with some
of these videos that there's
possibly a spiritual component
to it, a component
that was certainly
known in the ancient world
by the ancient Egyptians.
They didn't call
it a warp bubble.
They called it the ark
of the millions of years
or the ship of eternity.
And the reason why,
once again, the Pharaoh
is sitting on the
feathered ascension throne
is because it's some kind
of what we would term
an anti-gravity device that
keeps his body, of his flesh
and blood from
being ripped apart
by the gravitational
forces as he's traveling
through these wormholes.
But again, I've been suggesting
that he's not actually
in a physical flesh
and blood form.
He's in a light body form.
And this is how he's able
to travel upon the wormhole.
But I'm of the opinion
and it's been now
been upheld in many ways by some
of the researchers in the UAP
field that we are talking
about the same thing here.
That what the ancients were
seeing when they're portraying,
figures such as the Ptolemies
here on their wormhole craft,
is the same thing that the
Defense Intelligence agencies
have been exploring
in terms of warp
drives, anti-gravity
wormholes, ancient technology.
This is what we are doing is
now revisiting or re-learning
exactly what the ancients had
already discovered long ago.
And in my view, once again, when
we look at images such as this,
here's a good example of
a Pharaoh on his ascension
throne with his
resurrection stick,
with his key of
life in a bubble.
What if this is the magic
bubble that Alcubierre
is talking about?
What we're seeing-- this is
actually a piece of jewelry.
It's a petrol, where we see
the boat traveling upon water.
Above it is a bar
filled with stars.
And so this is a boat-- a magic
bubble on a wormhole-shaped boat
traveling through the stars.
And on either side
is the goddess Isis,
and on the other side
is her sister Nephthys.
These two symbolize
light and dark.
Now, think about what
that means in light
of what Alcubierre was saying.
He said the Alcubierre
drive achieves faster
than light travel by stretching
the fabric of spacetime
in a wave, causing
the space ahead of it
to contract while the
space behind it expands.
And then, he says, in
theory, a spacecraft
inside this wave
or the bubble would
be able to ride this warp
bubble and achieve velocities
beyond the speed of light.
This is the Alcubierre
warp metric.
And that's exactly
what is portrayed here.
The magic bubble
is clearly evident.
The goddesses, Isis and
Nephthys flanking it
symbolized light and dark or
expansion and contraction.
This is just either a fun way
of interpreting ancient art,
or it's pictorial evidence that
the ancients had some awareness
or knowledge of wormholes.
This is an actual image
of a real-world warp
bubble from Dr.
Harold G. Sonny White
down at Johnson Space
Center, where we
see the bubble in the middle.
On either side, we see the
expansion and contraction.
Superimposed that over
the Egyptian imagery.
It's a perfect fit.
And I think what I'm
going to leave you
with here, because we're
getting ready to do
the meditation, my talk
has been cut short,
is that in order to
understand what is transpiring
in our modern world, we have
to go back to the ancient mind,
and we have to
understand possibility
that there are ancient
civilizations that
have been coming and going.
And now we're taking
videos of them.
And ultimately, the message
is going to be about,
how do we transfigure?
How do we raise ourselves
in our vibration
to be able to rise up and
meet them where they are?
So thank you, everybody, so much
for your attention this morning.
It's been very glorious.
[MUSIC PLAYING]